Add extra text taking about duplicate shares (#12)
dstebila/draft-ietf-tls-hybrid-design: draft-ietf-tls-hybrid-design.md

The `HybridKeyExchange` struct in {{construction-transmitting}} limits public keys and ciphertexts to 2^16-1 bytes; this is bounded by the same (2^16-1)-byte limit on the `key_exchange` field in the `KeyShareEntry` struct.  Some post-quantum KEMs have larger public keys and/or ciphertexts; for example, Classic McEliece's smallest parameter set has public key size 261,120 bytes.  Hence this draft can not accommodate all current NIST Round 3 candidates.

**Duplication of key shares.**

> Concatenation of public keys in the `HybridKeyExchange` struct as described in {{construction-transmitting}} can result in sending duplicate key shares.  For example, if a client wanted to offer support for two combinations, say "secp256r1+sikep503" and "x25519+sikep503", it would end up sending two sikep503 public keys, since the `KeyShareEntry` for each combination contains its own copy of a sikep503 key.  This duplication may be more problematic for post-quantum algorithms which have larger public keys.  On the other hand, if the client wants to offer, for example "secp256r1+kyber768" and "secp256r1" (for backwards compatibility), there is relatively little duplicated space (as the secp256r1 keys are comparitively small).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Concatenation of public keys in the `HybridKeyExchange` struct as described in {{construction-transmitting}} can result in sending duplicate key shares.  For example, if a client wanted to offer support for two combinations, say "secp256r1+sikep503" and "x25519+sikep503", it would end up sending two sikep503 public keys, since the `KeyShareEntry` for each combination contains its own copy of a sikep503 key.  This duplication may be more problematic for post-quantum algorithms which have larger public keys.  On the other hand, if the client wants to offer, for example "secp256r1+kyber768" and "secp256r1" (for backwards compatibility), there is relatively little duplicated data (as the secp256r1 keys are comparatively small).
```

Author: Done
